basically Tuesday since Tuesday I have
been on this epic battle against the
epic again caca water hey what's up you
guys starting miss prime here doing
another Marvel legend story review on
Marvel Legends bullseye this is a
sick-ass figure man anybody who doesn't
have this figure I gotta recommend and
you know just urge you to go pick it up
right now it's relatively cheap he
doesn't go for too much and he's just a
badass fucking figure dude but you know
the three things I look for in an action
figure are the likeness of the character
the paint job and the articulation and I
just think this figure really nailed all
three of those you know that's just
personally what I really like to see in
it in in you know in these Marvel
Legends but damn I really think they
nailed it it's very very cool I'm kind
of on this daredevil trip right now
I love daredevil I'm reading Frank
Miller's daredevil and the pain apps on
this thing are just fucking phenomenal I
really really like it first off if you
look at the face sculpt dude it's
fucking sick saying is mean scary
looking fucking bad guy dude that has a
mean ass face man look at that shit very
cool lot detail put into the sculpt of
this thing like him the wrinkles on the
side right there sweet like it a lot man
and I really like what they did with the
paint is they painted him he's he's you
know it's a black costume but there's a
lot of blue in there you can see that on
the ribs
you know just underneath the elbow
there's a lot of blue shading in there I
really really like that a lot especially
because in the comics he's drawn mostly
blue I'm reading the Frank Miller
daredevil thing right here you know you
could see like the costumes mostly blue
wants their devil's face but yeah see
but it's kind of like it's it's kind of
one of those things with like the black
suited Spidey where it's like there's a
lot of blue in it but you could tell
it's supposed to be a black costume so
you know the majority of the color
scheme on this is black you know which I
think you know I just think this is just
done perfectly just an awesome looking
figure really like the detail put into
like the belt and the glow
and the boots belt gloves boots
yeah like the detail on the you know
they got all the little silver buttons
on here and everything it's fucking
sweet a lot of black mixed in here in
the creases and stuff he's got these
little dagger things right here look
like you know metal stakes this is I
guess is for a gun holster for what she
does not come with he doesn't come with
any weapons which is kind of a complaint
of mine I thought this is really cool
though like god this is such an awesome
little detail man and even notice this
until I was like looking through it on
the camera but like see each stake dude
has fucking these two little straps
attached to it you know and they even
painted like the little silver buttons
that are holding them in like and you
probably you know sit you know probably
thinking to me like we'll do look you
know like who the fuck cares man but the
thing is man is like this is a fucking
true piece of artwork dude I mean it's
just shows like what kind of fucking you
know energy was put into this thing I
just think that's just fucking awesome I
love it dude I really like seeing that
kind of detail put into put into any
kind of work he knows just I just really
appreciate it so I like the zippers that
they have right here just really like
the paint job on this thing overall you
could see how this white looks boobs got
whole pegs at the bottom of his feet
very very cool figure man and
articulation on this guy is pretty
fucking sweet too
head moves up and down side to side just
fine he's got a bald wall here I'll use
this side of his own he's got ball
joints right here alright and he's also
got this shoulder thing going on
bicep twists double jointed elbows forum
joint moves wrist moves up and down
doesn't really move back that much and
he's got individual or finger
articulation which is very cool makes it
easy to give him weapons that you know
he's doing the shocker
all right so yeah okay so um yeah it
just makes it easier for him to hold you
know weapons that aren't supposed to you
know be there like or that he doesn't
come with the he'll still thinking about
the Shocker my bed okay so anyway he's
got a good torso joint right here right
here
waist joint and you could see like the
the belt is attached to the above the
waist section you know so kind of moves
with the but you could also move the
belt around to I haven't tried scooting
it down and then moving it but and you
know you could fuck with it I'm not
going to I just got ball joints right
here on the legs okay tie twist double
join knees calf join ankle moves up and
down has this fucking awesome ass ankle
pivot I like it makes it so much easier
to pose and toe joints right here wow
man really like dude you could see
little stitching everything on the boot
that is fucking sick man come on that is
just awesome work dude I really like
that shit as dope okay now there is a
variant edition of this figure that I do
have which is also very cool I do prefer
the original one though over the variant
just because I feel like this one is a
little bit more comic-book accurate but
this one's very cool to the face on this
this one is a lot meaner but it's
besides that it's the same exact sculpt
just a different paint job but you know
here's the face you know that's a creepy
looking fucking dude you know awesome
bad guy face you can see some it's got a
mole on his lip or something okay your
piercing but they added a lot of gray on
it you know a lot of gray on this isn't
shadows is great on the white part right
here like even on the boots and
everything like if you compare the boots
like this you know you can see how much
more gray there is on it and but the
major noticeable thing besides the face
is is what they did with the plastic
right here it's a trip dude it's like
got this weird glitch
kind of thing going on I don't even know
exactly what that is it's like got this
metallic look and like when you hold it
in real life it kind of brings us
overall shine like this glossy shine to
the figure but it's just kind of neat I
like it and it's got a hint of blue in
it too
just weird I you know it looks like it's
just black but it actually does have
like a blue in it it's really hard to
pinpoint I can't really tell you know
wow it looks like space Shh sound like
fucking idiot but it looks like space
alright you guys that's my review oh I
also wanted to say that I think the the
best dared offer to go with you know my
favorite daredevil is the spider-man
classics just to kind of make my point
even further about that you know not the
spider-man classics pre Marvel Legends
but you know the spider-man series
daredevil just goes so perfect with this
figure you know just a shame that that
bull's eye didn't come with any weapons
but you know those two ER that's like
you know that's a I don't know perfect
height comparison and everything alright
guys I'll catch you later
these